Add example successful documentation bugs (#188)
r-devel/rdevguide: 09-documenting.Rmd

## Helping with documentation

Maintaining the accuracy of R's documentation and keeping a high level of quality takes a lot of effort. Community members, like you, help with writing, editing, and updating content, and these contributions are appreciated and welcomed.

Looking at pre-existing documentation source files can be very helpful when getting started.

You can directly search for [documentation issues/bugs on Bugzilla](https://bugs.r-project.org/buglist.cgi?component=Documentation&list_id=22501&product=R&resolution=---). Issues vary from typos to unclear documentation and items lacking documentation.

If you see a documentation issue that you would like to tackle, you can leave a comment on the issue saying you are going to try to solve the issue and mention roughly how long you think you will take to do so (this allows others to take on the issue if you happen to forget or lose interest).

## Reporting documentation bugs
 <!--
discussion in slack (random channel)
-->

> For improvements of the R-manuals, reporting typos or bugs in the R-manuals, or issues related to packages maintained by the R core team, read the [reporting bugs guide](#ReportBug).

Reviewer: On second review, it would actually be better to link to the relevant sub-section:
```suggestion
To suggest improvements to the R manuals, report typos or bugs in the R manuals, or to raise issues related to documentation in packages maintained by the R Core Team, follow the usual guidance for [reporting bugs in R](#RCorePkgBug).
```

> For reporting bugs or typos on webpages or documentation about a particular package where it is not maintained by the R core team, you can find the maintainer of a package by using the `maintainer("package-name")` function.

Reviewer: If the package has an issue tracker or specific way to report bugs that should be used rather than contacting the maintainer directly - this is all document in the reporting bugs section so we can refer to that.
```suggestion
To report bugs or typos in the documentation of a package that is not maintained by the R Core Team, follow the guidance for [reporting bugs in contributed packages](#nonRCorePkgBug).
```

The R Development Guide (what you are reading now) uses the same process as the main R documentation, except for some small differences. The source lives in a [GitHub repository](https://github.com/r-devel/rdevguide/) and bug reports should be submitted to the [devguide GitHub tracker](https://github.com/r-devel/rdevguide/issues).

There's a section on the introduction page detailing [how to contribute to this guide](#how-to-contribute-to-this-guide). Once you have made suggested changes you can raise them for someone else to review through a [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests) on GitHub. Examples of past pull requests can be found on the [pull request tab in this guide's GitHub repository](https://github.com/r-devel/rdevguide/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed). 

> Our Developer's Guide workflow uses continuous integration and deployment so changes to the live Developer’s Guide site are normally published once a pull request is merged. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our workflow for the R Development Guide uses continuous integration and deployment so changes to the live R Development Guide site are normally published once a pull request is merged. 
```
